34	Write a Python program to calculate the length of a given string.	String																							
35	"Write a Python program to get a single string from two given strings, separated by a space and swap the first characters of each string.
 Sample String : 'abc', 'xyz' 
 Expected Result : 'xbc ayz'"																								
36	"Write a Python program to add 'polis' at the end of a given string (length should be at least 3).
  If the given string already ends with 'polis' then add 'polisCS' instead.
  If the string length of the given string is less than 3, leave it unchanged. 
 Sample String : 'abc'
 Expected Result : 'abcpolisCS' 
 Sample String : 'Acropolis'
 Expected Result : 'AcropolisCS'"																								
37	"Write a Python program to count the number of characters (character frequency) in a string. 
 Sample String : google.com'
 Expected Result : {'o': 3, 'g': 2, '.': 1, 'e': 1, 'l': 1, 'm': 1, 'c': 1}"																								
38	Write a Python program to change a given string to a new string where the second and last chars have been exchanged.																								
39	Write a Python program to remove the characters which have even index values of a given string.																								
40	Write a Python program that takes input from the user and displays that input back in upper and lower cases.																								
41	Write a Python program to count occurrences of a substring in a string.																								
42	Write a Python program to lowercase first n characters in a string.																								
43	Write a Python program to remove spaces from a given string.																								
44	Write a Python program to move spaces to the front of a given string.																								
45	Write a Python program to find the maximum occurring character in a given string.																								
46	Write a Python program to capitalize first and last letters of each word of a given string.																								
47	Write a Python program to compute sum of digits of a given string.																								